Game, Plan
by Aditya Srinivasan (as577)
----------------------------
GENRE: 2D Scrolling Platformer/Puzzle

NAME: Ender's Game

STORY: It is many years into Earth's bleak future, and the human race is overrun
       by a species of insect-like aliens often referred to as the Buggers.
       Humanity's last hope lies in the hands of young Ender Wiggin, a forbidden
       Third born to an unsuspecting family. After intense training in anti-
       gravity environments and with other alien technology, Ender must lead the
       attack on the Buggers. He is accompanied by war veteran Mazer Rackham to
       help in the conquest against evil. You, Ender Wiggin or Mazer Rackham,
       must defeat the Buggers, and eventually the monstrous Hive Queen, in order
       to bring order to the universe and ensure the lives of your loved ones on 
       planet Earth.

GAMEPLAY: Choose a path: Destroyer or Strategist. As a Destroyer, you will play
          as Mazer Rackham, charging headfirst into combat against Buggers (this
          will be played as a 2D Scrolling Platformer), using gravity manipulation
          as a tool to bypass enemies and navigate obstacles. As a Strategist,
          you will play as Ender Wiggin, using your wits to outsmart your opponent
	  (this will be played as a Puzzle game).
	  
MODES:	  In Destroyer mode, either bypass or eliminate the enemies and make it to
          the flag at the end. Throughout the level, the enemies will get stronger
          and more powerful concluding in a final boss fight. The stronger the
          enemy, the more hits it takes you to kill them. If you die (fall on deadly
          objects or hit by an enemy) you will restart at the beginning of the last
          checkpoint you crossed. If you die 3 times, the game will end and you will
          have to restart from the beginning.

	  In Strategist mode, you must solve three puzzles, each with increasing
          difficulty. In each puzzle, you must arrange reflective celestial bodies
          (basically mirrors) in a way such that your ship, which is fixed in
	  position at the top left of a grid, can shoot and hit the enemy ship,
          which is fixed in position at the bottom left of the grid. You will
          only be given 2 shots per level, and after unsuccessfully spending all
	  of your shots, the game will end and you must restart. The grid will
          get larger in each level, and additional mechanics such as obstacles
          and enemies in the grid will be implemented to increase difficulty.

MECHANICS: Destroyer Mode:
	     STANDARD CONTROLS
	        Left Key -> Move Left
		Right Key -> Move Right
		Up Key -> Jump
                Down Key -> Crouch
                Space Bar -> Shoot
                Shift Key -> Flip Gravity
                'P' -> Pause game
		Esc -> Escape to Main Menu
          
	     CHEAT CODES
		'G' -> Godmode (indestructible)
	 	'I' -> Pass through walls and enemies

	   Strategist Mode:
             STANDARD CONTROLS
                Left Mouseclick (on unused grid block) -> Place mirror
	 	Left Mouseclick (on used grid block) -> Rotate mirror
                Space Bar -> Execute (Shoot)
		Esc -> Escape to Main Menu

	     CHEAT CODES
                'M' -> Enable your spaceship to move through the grid with arrow keys
